updates for review list GA (#3501)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/issues/index.mdx

description: "Learn more about the Issues page and how you can use it to efficiently triage issues."
---

> The **Issues** page is where you can find information about errors in your application. Filter by properties such as browser, device, impacted users, or whether the error is unhandled. You can then inspect issue details to better understand the problem and [triage](/product/issues/issue-details/) effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Issues** page displays information about errors in your application. Filter by properties such as browser, device, impacted users, or whether the error is unhandled. You can then inspect issue details to better understand the problem and [triage](/product/issues/issue-details/) effectively.
```

![Issues homepage](issues-homepage.png)

> A typical application sends a large number of events to Sentry. To make them manageable, we group similar events into issues based on the event stack trace and other information. You can think of an issue as a single bug or problem with your app. This grouping of events into issues allows you to see how frequently a problem is happening and how many users it's affecting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical application sends a large number of events to Sentry. You can think of an issue as a single bug or problem with your app. To make them manageable, we group similar events into issues based on the event stack trace and other information. This grouping of events into issues allows you to see how frequently a problem is happening and how many users it's affecting.
```

You can also hover over the issue title to see the stack trace of the latest event.

> When you click on an issue on the main **Issues** page, the [Issue Details](/product/issues/issue-details) page is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click on an issue on the main **Issues** page, the [Issue Details](/product/issues/issue-details) page displays.
```

> From the **Issues** page, you can begin to triage. The page is organized into tabs, each corresponding to a filtered list of issues, and these different lists help you with the triaging process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the **Issues** page, you can begin to triage. The page is organized into tabs, each corresponding to a filtered list of issues, and these different lists help you with triaging:
```
